# Code-Louisville-C-Sharp-Final-Project

This project is a simple CRUD address book.

It allows the user to add, edit, search for, and delete contacts. It has a simple forms GUI that will allow the user to interact with the app without the need for the console. Point, click, and type. That's it. This app uses an SQL server database that is locally hosted. You have to download the tables and point your local copy to it. You do this by adding the table (RT Click on the project name in the explorer, -> add -> existing item -> table (or just open that file). Go to the view -> server explorer panel and click on the local db of your choice (should have already a few options). Under the properties panel, look for connection string and highlight that whole line starting with data source = and paste that into the portal tab, line numbers 14, 31, 58, and 75 in the quotes @"paste that stuff here" and open the table. Click update. Go to the server explorer and click refresh. That'll load the db and let the thing compile. Had I realized how difficult it would be to port it all over, I would have done something easier like screenwriter, but I wanted to challenge myself. I'll know better next time. Thank you for considering looking over this and possibly providing feedback even if you fail it. I'll use it to grow.

Edit: The readme file didn't contain the changes and I guess I pushed it to the visual studio teams instead.I realized this after I sent the last email. I appreciate you looking. I worked so hard on this file. If it doesn't pass I understand. It is entirely my fault. I pushed it again to make sure it's there in case my forced overwrite deleted the readme the first time, but I didn't change a thing. It is as it was friday. I didn't set the tab order. I wasn't sure how. That'll be in the refactor for my portfolio. Also it needs some dry refactoring, so it looks like a total newb probject. But I just wanted it to work to turn in.
